Early on, Spring got a bad reputation for having a lot of XML configuration,
and people just didn't care for going through and wiring up every bean and
all the references and everything that went with it.
To counter this,
they introduced a mechanism called autowiring for
you to autowire beans together.
There are four types of autowiring that you can do on a bean.
The first type is byType,
and this allows a property to be autowired if exactly one bean of
that property type exists within a container.
So let's say I have a car object that we're injecting in.
If there's only one car object of that type of that class,
then we can inject it in.
But if I have two types of cars, so two car objects with different names,
I'll get a fatal exception because it can't choose which one of those
two because it's just looking at the class type.
The second option is byName,
and that's why you've seen in every example I've named my beans.
We could actually go through without naming them,
and it would've chose byType by default.
ByName fixes that problem of byType.
They're both good to have, though,
because byType will allow us to only create one instance of a class
in our container or in our applicationContext.
ByName allows us to choose specifically by the name of
the object that we're wiring up, so if I have a car and it's of type car,
but byName is Honda, it's only going to inject Honda.
If I have a Toyota, it's not going to choose that one,
and I won't get an exception based off of that.
The next option is by constructor, and constructor is analogous to byType,
but it applies to constructor arguments.
Now it has a little bit of a flavor of byName in there too because arguments can
be indexed or named and injected into our object that way.
You do have to, obviously,
have a matching constructor for arguments that you're trying to pass
into it where the other two are kind of setter based.
They need a default no arguments constructor.
And the last option is no or none for autowiring.
So if I specify no, it means that, no, it can't be autowired at all.
Now a lot of people early on tried autowiring for just testing because they
were concerned about it and how it performed in production.
I've used lots of applications with autowiring in
production and never ran into a problem with it.
I probably have over 100 applications today deployed into
production all configured with autowiring, and I've never seen a hiccup with it.